hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a supernatural horror film: "The Autopsy of Jane Doe"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
multiple homicides occur in Grantham, leaving behind a bloody crime scene
no stranger's fingerprints or signs of force entry are found on the premises
the condition of corpses suggests that they were trying to escape the house but failed
but the weirdest thing found is the pristine body of a woman
partially buried in the basement
in fact, the identity and cause of death are clear for all the victims, except for the woman
what is more troubling is that there is no apparent reason for her
to have been at the crime scene
the sheriff decides to name her Jane Doe for the time being
on the other hand, Tommy Tilden and his son Austin Tilden run a morgue
which has been a staple in Grantham for years
there are two lifts in their basement, one is of a step ladder style
with the door only opening outwards
Tildens are so professional that they can find out the cause of death for anybody
however, Austin knows how hard it is to find a girlfriend while working as a coroner
so he does not want to continue
luckily, his girlfriend is not afraid of the morgue at all
and offers to see the dissected corpses
meanwhile, Girlfriend wonders why a bell is tied to each corpse
Tommy explains that it is a coroner's professional habit to ensure they were dead
Austin is ready to go on a date with Girlfriend after work
right at the moment, the sheriff drops the dead woman's body at Tilden morgue
noting the urgency of this task
Austin does not want to have his father working overtime alone
so he blows off the date and asks her to come back a few hours later
sheriff wants them to find out who she is and how she died before the night is out
after sending the sheriff off, Austin turns on the video recorder
and starts autopsy with Tommy
at this time, the radio forecasts that the next few days will be sunny
but no one pays attention to it
the first step in an autopsy is a visual assessment
Jane was about twenty to thirty years old
with a thin waist, fair skin, and no obvious trauma
but what happens next is incomprehensible to the Tildens
her eyes have clouded, which indicates she had died for days
but the corpse has not been fossilized, meaning her death is quite recent
as the Tildens examine the body
they quickly notice both her wrists and ankles have been broken
but no bruising or any visible sign of injury appear on her skin
in her fingernail is detected some Northern soil, but they are in the South
Austin takes photos of those characteristics
while Tommy sketches out the position of her injuries on the blackboard
at the same time, a fly crawls out of her nose, and her nose sheds some blood
later, they discover that her tongue has been cut out and one of her teeth missing
a thin thread is hidden in her mouth and there has been obvious damage to the genitals
all the anomalies point to a complex cause of death
the time now is already nine forty-five in the evening, Austin knows his date is ruined
the Tildens move on to the second part of the autopsy -- internal testing
annoyed by the radio noises, Austin switches it to a music channel
so the dissection begins in light music
however, rare phenomena continue to occur
first of all, the blood of the corpse flows freely like that of a living man
and then all the specimens in the refrigerator have gone bad
as they cut into her, things get stranger
the lungs have been severely burned as if the body was set on fire
other internal organs have stab wounds from various sharp objects
it is medically irrational to have her internal organs harmed while her skin remains intact
if she is murdered
they don't know how or why the murderer killed her in such a complicated way
when they are deep in doubt, they are awakened by some noises from the hallway
Austin goes out and spots a man in the retroreflector
but when he walks to it, he finds no one
in the lab, Tommy accidentally cuts his wrist on a bone
following the weird sound, Austin locates his cat in the ventilation duct
the cat, Tommy's pet, is covered in bruises and appears to be dying soon
in order to relieve the cat's pain
Tommy has to snap its neck before reluctantly putting cremating it
back to the morgue, more unexplainable ghostly things await them
the freezers in which the bodies are kept automatically open
then a northern flower, the Jimsonweed, is found in her intestines
the flower and the soil in her fingernail imply that the corpse comes from the north
right at this moment, the radio announces a storm is building up
Austin feels insecure and suggests they pause it and resume tomorrow
but Tommy thinks otherwise
after that, a piece of cloth with an odd diagram is found in her stomach
unwrapping the cloth, they see her missing tooth
this shows that her missing tooth is knocked out by force and swallowed
putting all the astonishing events together
Austin supposes the corpse to be a sacrificial offering of a certain cult
now the radio says the storm has caused flooding
Austin again requests to leave, but Tommy disagrees
continuing the autopsy, they find some odd diagrams underneath her skin
the closed door of the morgue suddenly swings open
all the light bulbs on the premises burst like lightning
Tommy finally decides to go, so the Tildens get up to run away
fortunately, the generator is still working, and power is soon restored
but the basement exit is blocked by some branches and they cannot open it
worse still, their phone reception is cut off
during this time, footsteps and roars echo in the hallway
in panic, the Tildens return to the office and call the sheriff
but to their surprise, the telephone also fails
shortly after that, they hear someone walking outside
through the crack in the door, Austin sees a pair of feet with bells on them
the bells which belong only to the dead bodies
obviously, Jane is the root of all problems
the hopeless Tildens shut the doors tight and think hard of how to escape
however, there are no other alternatives for them
soon Tommy is attacked by an unseen figure with clouded eyes in the bathroom
recognizing this is a fight against death
Tommy decides to destroy Jane before they get cleared
the Tildens return to the morgue after the footsteps are cleared
as soon as they step in, the door is shut automatically
Austin takes an ax and cuts a crack through the door
from the crack, they see corpses stored in the fridges rise from death
without further ado, they set a fire on the dissecting table
but the fire spreads everywhere out of control
the video camera and photos are burnt right away
the Tildens immediately apply the fire extinguisher to put off the fire
but Jane is not burnt at all
the Tildens quickly flee to the lift, with the hordes of dead bodies chasing behind them
however, the lift door is stuck after they get in
in despair, Tommy swings his ax at the lift
but he accidentally kills Austin's girlfriend
though Austin's grief is beyond words, he literally has no time to mourn for her death
he returns to the lift with Tommy, and the lift works perfectly
but after a short while, the lift is stuck again
it looks impossible for them to survive tonight
Tommy apologizes, for it is his insistence on working overtime that leads to the disaster
but Austin is pondering why the corpse does not kill them
since the autopsy begins, mysteries accumulate to prevent them from further dissection
he wonders if Jane has some secrets that could only be unraveled by autopsy
perhaps if they can find out how she died, they may be able to prevent this disaster
so the Tildens return to the dissecting table
all of a sudden, a mass of smoke rises from the cremator
while passing through the thick smoke, Tommy falls down to the floor
Austin saves him in time and the two of them finally land on their feet
to their shock, her brain tissue is alive
Austin realizes folding the cloth in half will lead him to a bible verse--Leviticus 20:27
based on the verse and the Arabic numerals of 1693 on the cloth
they speculate that the woman was probably a witch
sacrificed in northern Europe in the Middle Ages
this is consistent with the slender waist of the female corpse
for waist girdle was popular at that time
back then, the witches of medieval Europe were mostly well-married women
who had been falsely accused
Tommy is sure that since Jane merely tortures them
because she wants them to experience the same pain she had suffered over 300 years ago
while saying so, Tommy discovers symbols beneath his own skin
he goes on to guess that Jane's body was discovered before
but since the survivors could not destroy it, they had to bury her
meanwhile, the resurrected bodies begin to bang against the door
Austin runs to stop them
but Tommy begs Jane to let him bear the pain for her in exchange for his son's safety
soon after that, Jane's joints are healed surprisingly, but Tommy's joints are broken
her eyes return to normal while Tommy's eyes have turned grey
looking at Tommy in severe pain, Austin decides to give his father a quick death
Tommy's sacrifice seems to work
Austin then hears someone calling their names
he runs to the exit, but the exit cannot be opened
out of nowhere, Austin sees Tommy's figure behind him and drops dead in terror
when the police arrive, they find both Tommy and Austin dead
however, his dead Girlfriend is nowhere to be found
at this time, the radio broadcasts that today is the fourth sunny day in the week
in the morgue, nothing changes except the camera and photos are burnt
Jane lies as it is, without traces of dissection
Tommy and Austin die exactly the same way as that of the homicide victims
sheriff orders to send Jane to a local University for further studies
but in the van, the car radio suddenly blares
and it plays the same song that has been played last night
the film ends with Jane wriggling her big toe
so it is clear that Jane was sacrificed as a witch three hundred years ago
she possessed the power for unknown reasons and began her revenge
by killing people through hallucination
homicide victims and the Tildens all die of hallucination
many clues are hidden in the film
for example, the weather forecast says today is the fourth sunny day of the week
but on the night of the autopsy, it mentions a storm is building up
moreover, besides the body of Jane Doe
the police only carry out two dead bodies from the crime scene
Austin's Girlfriend is not found, proving that Girlfriend doesn't visit there
another clue is Tommy and Austin's bodies are free from bloodstains
but last night, Austin has Girlfriend's blood on his hands and face
in addition, Tommy's joints are broken, and his eyes turn grey
after he offers to be a sacrifice
but in reality, all Tommy has is the dagger Austin stabs him with
the clock in the morgue also plays a part in the mystery
at nine, the corpses reach the morgue
at nine forty-five, they begin the autopsy
at four past ten, they are halfway through the autopsy
but after the cat dies, the time on the clock travels back to nine forty-five
before the autopsy, the radio already says a storm is coming, but the storm is fake
so their hallucinations begin right before the autopsy
the cat's death serves as the twist, for the cat is often regarded as the witch's assistant
probably the cat wants to sacrifice itself for the witch to resurrect its witch master
but Tommy breaks its neck and as such, discontinues its sacrifice
so misfortune befalls on them and they are brought back to nine forty-five
when they begin the autopsy and the new round of sacrifice as well
Tommy suffers the pains of the sacrifice after begging her to spare his son
but in the end, his son just gives him a quick death by mistake
before he could complete the painful sacrifice ritual so as to resurrect the witch
causing the father to fail in sacrificing himself in the end
as a result, his son cannot escape death
and he's forced to death under the influence of hallucination
as long as Jane does not resurrect, she will continue to murder lives in the same manner
which is indicated by the final scene where Jane wriggling her big toe
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out